       -- CASE 1
INSERT INTO cases (case_title, case_description)
VALUES ("The Vanishing Necklace" , "A storm rages outside as Detective Hale arrives at the grand manor. The guests are gathered in the parlor, the air thick with tension. Lady Evelyn’s diamond necklace — a family heirloom worth millions — has vanished during her annual charity dinner.
Five people were present, and one of them is lying.");

       -- CASE 2
INSERT INTO cases (case_title, case_description)
VALUES ("The Poisoned Cup" , "As laughter fills the hall, an art critic collapses mid-toast. The wine glass shatters, and panic spreads among the city’s elite. The bottle was switched — but by whom?
The only thing more intoxicating than the wine tonight… is deceit.");

       -- CASE 3
INSERT INTO cases (case_title, case_description)
VALUES ("The Silent Witness" , "The body of a local journalist lies cold in the rain-soaked alley. No witnesses, no suspects… except a stray dog that refuses to leave the scene.
The dog saw something — and its loyalty may reveal more than words ever could.");

        
       -- CASE 4
INSERT INTO cases (case_title, case_description)
VALUES ("The Coded Heist","No alarms were triggered. No doors forced open. Yet, millions have vanished from the city’s most secure vault. The only clue — a message in binary and a Latin phrase etched into the mainframe:
“Veritas liberabit nos.” (The truth shall set us free.));

       -- CASE 5
INSERT INTO cases (case_title, case_description)
VALUES ("The Crimson Conspiracy","The threads of every previous case intertwine into one crimson knot. Evidence points to a secret organization — The Crimson Veil — infiltrating the city’s institutions.
Every step brings Hale closer to the truth… and to betrayal.");

       -- CASE 6 (Optional/Final)
INSERT INTO cases (case_title, case_description)
VALUES ("The Choice of Shadows","The final revelation: Chief Inspector Graham Voss, Hale’s mentor, stands before him — the leader of The Crimson Veil.
The rain outside turns red as the detective faces the hardest choice of his life.
“You’ve seen the truth, Rowan,” Voss says. “Now tell me — will you destroy the system… or rule it?”");

        